Merged Fundamentals (#593)
cloudposse/docs: content/docs/fundamentals/leapp.md

---
title: "Leapp"
confluence: https://cloudposse.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/REFARCH/pages/1186267399/Leapp
sidebar_position: 150
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/cloudposse/refarch-scaffold/tree/main/docs/docs/fundamentals/tools/leapp.md
---

# Leapp
[https://github.com/Noovolari/leapp](https://github.com/Noovolari/leapp)

> Leapp is a Desktop DevTool that handles the management and security of your cloud credentials for you so you can log into any AWS account with the click of a button using your native OS keychain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leapp is a Desktop Dev Tool that handles the management and security of your cloud credentials for you so you can log into any AWS account with the click of a button using your native OS keychain.
```
